# Write message into files and Zip files daily Document

> This is the illustration for our Create files and Zip files Function of Software Testing Course Project, SSE Tongji University, Spring 2016.

## Requirement

* Java JDK 1.6 +
* IntelliJ Idea 2014 +
* Maven 3 +

> Note: If your project is not based on Maven, the 3rd requirement can be omitted.


## Funcitions


###Configurable zipping files 


1. **Zip.zipDaily in Utility**

 	The method is made in static way,therefor we can use it without instantiation.
	
	```java
		/**
		 *We offer a funcionality that can zip files at a shorter defined loop.
		*/
	
	
		 public static void zipDaily();
	```


2.  **Zip.zipWeekly in Utility**

	The method is made in static way,therefor we can use it without instantiation.
	
	
	```java
		/**
		 *We offer a funcionality that can zip files at a longer defined loop.
		*/
	
	
		public  static void zipWeekly();

	```

3.**Create a new file and folder if the file or folder is larger then the Configured value**
	
	The funcionality is realized inside the server and the client part.



##Where and how to use above methods

###Client

- Once a client send message to the server,the message will be recorded into the  file by method ``PM.Write``. 
- Every file will be named by the day it is created with a prefix ``''client''``.

###Server

- Once a server receive a message from the client, the message will be recorded into the server file by method ``PM.Write``.
- Every file will be named by the day it is created with a prefix ``''Server''``.
- As soon as we enable the server,a timer will be enabled at the same time.And it will make sure that the ``Zip files daily`` function runs every 24 hours to create zip file.
- As soon as we enable the server,another timer will be enabled at the same time.And it will make sure that the ``Zip files Weekly`` function runs every 7 days to unzipped the zip files in the recent 7 days and then zipped them again into a new zip file.
- Every zip file will be named by the exact moment it is created.

###Resources

- The above four configurable values are all defined in the ../Resources/test.json. 




## Features

* Easy to understand and use.
* For more convenient use, all of the methods are made in static way.

## TODO

* More commen functions for more usages.
* Demo to illustrate.
